[Music]
follow me you need to see something
special all the world is made of stories
and all of those stories are right here
in the book of life but the greatest
story begins on the day of the day a day
when spirits pass between worlds and
anything can happen look their two best
friends we love the same girl you two
are acting like always me too how about
a little wager I bet that Maria will
marry Joaquin very well by the ancient
rules the wager is sent an order it's so
beautiful I will use the way to fix this
for me old friend I may not be the time
hero Maria but I swear with all my heart
I will never stop loving
my god Oh where am I welcome to the land
of the remember don't try to take it all
in at once
this is incredible epic fiestas everyday
all-you-can-eat my lady please help me
reunited with the love of my life if you
complete these tasks you will see Maria
again
hey girl Oh get that a lot
the book of life I know exactly what to
play wow that totally captivated her
[Music]